docs: remove reference to npm-packlist (#6306)
npm/cli: docs/lib/content/commands/npm-publish.md

### Files included in package

> To see what will be included in your package, run `npx npm-packlist@6`.  All

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see what will be included in your package, run `npm pack --dry-run`.  All
```
